Calculate Salary

DESCRIPTION :

Read the question carefully and follow the input and output format.

Ramya works for a reputed company. She spends her salary (daily allowance) as follows:

-20% of her salary for food 
-30% of her salary for travel.

Rest goes into her savings.

If she takes care of other shifts, she will get 2% of the salary per shift. Accept the following input from userHer salary that was credited today morning Number of shifts she is willing to take today

Calculate how much she can save in her pocket at the end of day today after deducting her expenses.

Requirement

Write a program which accepts salary and no. of shifts.

Read the inputs using Scanner required in the main() method of the program.

Input and Output Format

First line of input consists of an integer, salary.

Second line of input consists of number of shifts.

Output should be of an integer type, which is saving.

1) Print "Salary too large" when salary is greater than 8000.

2) Print "Shifts too small" when the shift is less than 0.

3) Print "Salary too small" when the salary is less than 0.

Example:

Sample Input:

7000

5

4

4

4

4

4

4

45

49

56

51

52

Sample Output:
 4200

Sample Input:

8001

Sample Output:

Salary too large

Instructions :
Do not change the provided class/method names unless

instructed

Ensure your code compiles without any

errors/warning/deprecations

-Follow best practices while coding

Avoid too many & unnecessary usage of white spaces (newline, spaces, tabs.,...), except to make the code readable

-Use appropriate comments at appropriate places in your exercise, to explain the logic, rational, solutions, so that evaluator can know them

Try to retain the original code given in the exercise, to avoid any

issues in compiling & running your programs

- Always test the program thoroughly, before saving/submitting exercises/project


Warnings

-Take care of whitespace/trailing whitespace

-Trim the output and avoid special characters

-Avoid printing unnecessary values other than expected/asked output

EXECUTION TIME LIMIT

10 seconds